
This section describes the general structure and syntax rules of script files.  

Script functions are very C#-like because essentially it is C# (without OO requirements). The compiler adds in the surrounding boilerplate and compiles the whole mess in memory where it executes.  

Any functions specified by [Processing Functions](ScriptApiProcessing) or [Nebulator Functions](ScriptApiNeb) are written here.  

You can clean up your script file using [AStyle](http://astyle.sourceforge.net/).
```
AStyle --style=allman <your-file>
```

# Example Script Files
See the Examples directory for material while perusing this.

File | Description
---- | -----------
example.neb | Source file showing example of static sequence and loop definitions, and creating notes by script functions.
airport.neb | My take on Eno's Music for Airports - from [this](github.com/teropa/musicforairports.js).
utils.neb   | Example of a library file for simple functions.
*.nebp      | Storage for dynamic stuff. This is created and managed by the application and not generally manually edited.
temp\\\*.cs | Generated C# files which are compiled and executed.
example.mp3 | A bit of some generated sound (not music!) using Reaper with good instruments and lots of reverb. I like lots of reverb.
airport.mp3 | Snippet generated by airport.neb and Reaper.


# General
Double slash `//` is used for comments. C style `/* ... */` is not supported.  

Names cannot have spaces or begin with a number.  

# Classes
Classes are supported (see utils.neb).
```c#
class klass
{
    public void DoIt(int val)
    {
        Print("DoIt got:", val);
    }
}    
```
